[docs] Example serve llm deployment (#55819)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/small-size-llm/README.md

> # Deploying a small-size LLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy a small-size LLM
```

Author: done

A small-size LLM typically runs on a single node with 1 or 2 GPUs and is ideal when speed, cost, and simplicity matter most. It’s cheaper to run, faster to deploy, and easier to experiment with, making it well-suited for prototyping, lightweight applications, and scenarios where low latency or limited resources are more important than peak accuracy.  

> This tutorial walks you through deploying a small-size LLM using Ray Serve LLM. For larger models, see [Deploying a medium-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html) or [Deploying a large-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial deploys a small-size LLM using Ray Serve LLM. For larger models, see [Deploying a medium-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html) or [Deploying a large-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html).
```

Author: done

Shutdown your LLM service

```bash
%%bash
serve shutdown -y
```

---

## Production Deployment with Anyscale Service

For production deployment, it's recommended to use Anyscale services to deploy the Ray Serve app to a dedicated cluster without modifying the code. Anyscale ensures scalability, fault tolerance, and load balancing, keeping the service resilient against node failures, high traffic, and rolling updates.

---

### Launch

Write your Anyscale Service configuration, in a new `service.yaml` file, write:  
```yaml
#service.yaml
name: deploy-llama-3-8b
image_uri: anyscale/ray-llm:2.49.0-py311-cu128
compute_config:
  auto_select_worker_config: true 
working_dir: .
cloud:
applications:
# Point to your app in your Python module
- import_path: serve_llama_3_1_8b:app
```

Deploy your Service, make sure you set your HuggingFace Token first, `export HF_TOKEN=<YOUR-HUGGINGFACE-TOKEN>`

```bash
%%bash
anyscale service deploy -f service.yaml --env HF_TOKEN=$HF_TOKEN
```

**Custom Dockerfile**

You can use any image from the Anyscale registry, or build your own Dockerfile on top of an Anyscale base image. Create a new `Dockerfile` and start with this minimal setup:
```Dockerfile

> FROM anyscale/ray:2.49.0-slim-py312-cu128

Reviewer 2: same comment here

```

---

## Improving Concurrency

Ray Serve LLM uses [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/) as its backend engine, which logs the *maximum concurrency* it can support based on your configuration.  

Example log:
```console
INFO 08-06 20:15:53 [executor_base.py:118] Maximum concurrency for 8192 tokens per request: 3.53x
```

Here are a few ways to improve concurrency depending on your model and hardware:  

**Reduce `max_model_len`**  
Lowering `max_model_len` reduces the memory needed for KV cache.

> *Example*:  
> Running *llama-3.1-8&nbsp;B* On an A10G or L4 GPU:
> * `max_model_len = 8192` → concurrency ≈ 3.5
> * `max_model_len = 4096` → concurrency ≈ 7

**Use Quantized Models**  
Quantizing your model (for example, to FP8) reduces the model's memory footprint, freeing up memory for more KV cache and enabling more concurrent requests.

**Use Tensor Parallelism**  
Distribute the model across multiple GPUs with `tensor_parallel_size > 1`.

> Note that latency may rise if GPUs don’t have strong GPU interconnect like NVLink.

**Upgrade to GPUs with more memory**  
Some GPUs provide significantly more room for KV cache and allow for higher concurrency out of the box.

> **Scale with more Replicas**  

Author: put a placeholder until the docs get out
